Add links to authd from NFS and Samba (limited PR) (#230)
canonical/ubuntu-server-documentation: how-to/networking/install-nfs.md

  - Storage devices such as floppy disks, CDROM drives, and USB Thumb drives can be used by other machines on the network. This may reduce the number of removable media drives throughout the network.

```{warning}

> If you use **NFS and authd** at the same time, you must add a Kerberos configuration on the client and the server. Otherwise, you'd encounter permission issues due to mismatched user and group identifiers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use **NFS and authd** at the same time, you must add a Kerberos configuration on both the client and the server. Otherwise, you will encounter permission issues due to mismatched user and group identifiers.
```
